<u>Document Tags:</u> 
## Metadata
---
- [Article Link](https://fullreads.com/literature/the-lottery/)
- 
## Summary
---
- I think the point of this story is to express that the reasons for traditions can easily be lost over time
	- It’s mentioned several times throughout the story that the other aspects of the lottery have been lost because no one remembers them. It’s a pretty weird shift that only the final act of violence is actually upheld
- There is an aspect to this that because we forget the specific reasons for acts they either need to be documented as well as questioned if they are still relevant at any one particular time.
- I think based on the description of other villages doing away with the lottery that it’s becoming less relevant and important as time goes on
- <mark style="background: #FFB8EBA6;">Can this be connected to</mark> [[2. A Cult of Ignorance]]?
- <mark style="background: #008080;">The lottery is a long-standing tradition based in superstition where one unlucky member of the village is randomly selected to be stoned to death in an annual ceremony. Each head of the family chooses a strip of paper from a box, which is either blank or has a mark. The family who has the marked slip will have one of their members sacrificed. Each member of that family draws their own slip, and whoever gets the marked slip is the person who is stoned to death by their entire village.</mark>
- <mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">Some towns have had discussions of ending the lottery or doing away with it all together, and these citizens think they are idiotic for doing so. They have believed that their harvest will fail if this sacrifice is not done each year. They do not question this belief. Tessa, this year's victim, exclaims that it is not fair while she stands there as the entire village is stoning her, not attempting to escape.</mark>
- <mark style="background: #FFB86CA6;">The black box used to hold the slips was practically falling apart, and despite yearly requests, a new box was never made and the topic faded from discussion. Why? Who the fuck knows.</mark>
- <mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">Several aspects of the ceremony were cloudy and debated, from the way which the recital was sung or spoken, and whether the officials who performed this recital walked through the crowd or stood in place. However, this recital was lost to time. There also used to be a ritual salute done by the postmaster to each person selecting a slip from the box, but now the official only speaks to the person approaching the box.</mark>
- <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">It is striking how routine this all seems to everyone. There is the initial moment of anxiety when someone goes to draw a slip, followed by either a moment of relief or 'oh shit'. When Tessie's husband draws his slip, she says it's unfair since he didn't get enough time to choose. Another person from a different family tells her to be a good sport. Easy for her to say since she and her family are safe this year. However, has Tessie ever questioned the lottery until her family and ultimately herself was chosen? Connect to</mark> [[7.1 The Just World Fallacy]]? 
- <mark style="background: #BBFABBA6;">This system is uninterpretable, because there is no true reason as to why it still exists other than untested superstition, and anyone can be selected with no rationale other than random chance (this is a dependent probability, since with each selection there is a reduced degree of freedom, and after the marked strip is selected, no one else will select it). To the reader's knowledge, there is no documentation as to how the lottery was established or what actually happened if it was skipped. If there were records of each year's crop outputs in towns with and without the lottery published, the most likely result would be that there was probably no significant difference in towns with and without the lottery. This may change more young people's opinions on the lottery and catalyze a push for change, but the old farts stuck in their ways could put up a fight.</mark>
- <mark style="background: #D2B3FFA6;">Either way, when something as important as someone's life in a town of 300 is on the line, the decision system and reasoning behind their death must be rigorously and regularly questioned, justified, and documented. </mark>
