<u>Document Tags:</u> 
## Metadata
---
- 
## Summary
---
- Each type of living situation is influenced by historical acts of racism and segregation. This is true even if you’ve never personally interacted with it
- The most influential in Chicago are the erection and then destruction of slums through urban renewal. A lot of places could be bought out since they were cheaper in the red neighborhoods, so they were urbanized to be 'improved'. This kicked out the people living there, since they no longer had the means or credit to live there.
- People are basing someone's ability to access resources based on those factors - decision system
	- Trend: they become more subtle in nature
- These need to be taken into account when viewing how neighborhoods are formed and created.
- People commonly request loans to buy property and this is a way for people to change location. Movement has pretty significant compounding effects  - in terms of the environment you have access to: where you live determines how good your school is, sanitation food deserts, how safe you feel, public transit, etc, giving either a head start or disadvantages
- Problem: towns were divided into credit regions: if you lived in a certain region, you would have more or less access to loans. Some had increased interest rates or larger down payments because they lived in certain neighborhoods.
	- The neighborhoods with higher barriers were typically racial minorities. The regions which had the least access to loans were colored red, hence redlining
	- These records were not always part of public knowledge, so people did not know why they were denied
